render one language in another language	restate (words) from one language into another language.
nations unified by shared interests, history or institutions	a group of nations having common interests.
convert into absorbable substances, (as if) with heat or chemical process	soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action, heat, or moisture.
devote or adapt exclusively to an skill, study, or work	devote oneself to a special area of work.
elevated wooden porch of a house	a porch that resembles the deck on a ship.
either half of an archery bow	either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip.
a removable device that is an accessory to larger object	a supplementary part or accessory.
restrict or confine	place limits on (extent or access).
orient, be positioned	be opposite.
Bring back to life, return from the dead	cause to become alive again.
anything illusory, not concrete or real	something with no concrete substance.
a name or trait that identifies a product or type of thing	a name given to a product or service.
the processing or operation of something	a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program.
line, cover	cover the front or surface of.
determine a standard; estimate a capacity or measurement	estimate the value of.
an interpretation, an account or reading of an event or situation	a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something.
festive social event, celebration	an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment.
Make fine adjustments to for optimal    operation; adjust to a certain scale.	make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring.
a short lyric or poem intended to be sung	a narrative song with a recurrent refrain.
effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity	handle effectively.
employ or become employed in a position	appoint someone to (a position or a job).
group of people defined by a specific profession	organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical).
storage cabinet furniture	office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order.
Signal (approval or interest) by winking; briefly shut one eye.	signal by winking.
capital stock in a corporation	any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate.
prove or corroborate	establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts.
(the content of) a communication.	a communication (usually brief) that is written or spoken or signaled.
a partial denture	a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth.
move to a lower position, terminate something	terminate an association with.
flow, as of liquids	reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating.
