The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.	He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
"It's a huge black eye," said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.	"It's a huge black eye," Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal.
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	"I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat."
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.	Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.	In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.	He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.	The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.	One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.	But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.	He has a very good reputation," RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant.
A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.	France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.	Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" in the United States.
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."	She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.	State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million.
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.	Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.	An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.	Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.	AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.	More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.	Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.	She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.	The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.	Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.	Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
